---
title: MK SHOW 20201227
tools: [Gatsby, Blender, Forms]
date: 2020-12-27
author: Marlon Kuzmick
mainImage: 
---

# MK SHOW YOUR WORK FOR 20201227

## TASKS

- 20201227.112850 mk start

## TOOLS

- blender
- gatsby
- camera

## LINKS

* links on forms in gatsby go here:
	* 

## NOTES


copied this discussion forum post into a markdown file Thursday, March 26th, 2015 at 5:17.

## tool.lighting grid

> Well there are homemade solutions and totally off the shelf solutions to this issue. A homemade solution is literally a pipe grid that you have made and hung on the ceiling (of course checking with a competent construction / building engineer to make sure that the ceiling will support the added weight). 

> I've looked at this myself before and I thought the best solution was to use free standing light trusses like those used at rock concerts on the stage above the performers. It's usually a welded mass of 4 long pipes with cross bracing between to hold them all together. You can get them in all different lengths.

> This is nice because it doesn't depend upon the strength of the roof support at all as it uses one post at each side of the studio and the truss rigged across it. Just depends upon the floor for support so your floor must be adequate. Here's an example. This truss can be used for a clear span of 40 feet (how wide is your warehouse?):

> http://cgi.ebay.com/4-92-foot-Square...QcategoryZ2994 4QQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItem

> You support this from the floor with columns of more of the same exact truss material. In effect your transferring the problem of ceiling support from the warehouse trusses and walls to your own new truss columns your adding and the floor (assuming the floor can support the added weight!). Get a qualified engineer to help you set it up and to understand all the loading factors and all that.

> Here's another example of the same thing and how it was supported but its a much less beefy one that can't go 40 foot clear span:

> http://cgi.ebay.com/KNIGHT-LIGHTING-...QcategoryZ2994 5QQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItem

> You would put one of these sets of trusses/columns every few feet (maybe 10 feet) ideally to hang your lights from. If you do it right, you can take it with you later when you leave for that larger 14000sq foot sound stage in the future ;-)

> Then, how you hang lights from that wil usually fall into two ways: 1). pipe clamps attached to the yokes of your lights or 2). Baby spud type mounts on the trusses and then female adapters on your yokes. I prefer solution 1 because it just seems more secure to me. For wiring and electrical issues, there are grid solutions that come in predefined lengths and include all the wiring and even have baby spud mounts on them. Have an electrician do the wiring, that way you're should be pretty sure everything will be to the codes in your area.

> Another "fun" item to hang from a grid is something called a pantograph. It has other names too. Its basically a device that you hang from your grid and then hang your light on this device and it lets you lower it closer to the studio floor for lights like fluorescents which may need to be closer to the talent at times.

> http://cgi.ebay.com/4-HEAD-PHOTO-STU...QQcategoryZ386 0QQssPageNameZWDVWQQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItem

> They call it a "counterbalanced extension instrument". It includes an entire railing system and includes 5/8" baby spud mounts at the ends which is a pretty standard mounting for a studio light fixture which will most often have a 5/8" female stand adapter on it or a pipe clamp. If your light comes with a pipe clamp and you want to use a rail system like this, just remove the pipe clamp and replace with a TVMP adapter. Here's another example from Amvona:

> http://cgi.ebay.com/PHOTO-STUDIO-LIG...QcategoryZ3008 8QQssPageNameZWDVWQQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItem



> You can see this can get expensive quickly to correctly outfit this stuff. Just use good stuff and be careful. You don't want any of this falling down as that wouldn't be pretty...



